1906-08-13-smith-quin-St.Petersburg.md, before:

---
layout: page
subheadline: Quin Smith
title: Safety in St.Petersburg
teaser: Formation of a pacific
            regeneration group
date: 2017-04-12
categories:
  - curiosities
author: QuinSmith
tags:
  St.Petersburg;liberals; constitutional monarchies
header: no
image:
  title: blog-images/image-name.png <!--- for image-name.png, substitute name you've given your image file --->
  thumb: blog-images/image-name.png
  homepage: blog-images/image-name.png
  caption: <!--- info about the image, such as date of issue --->
  caption_url: <!--- link-to-page-containing-text? --->
---
#Safety in St. Petersburg
##The Moderate Liberals issued a manifesto announcing the formation of a pacific regeneration group consisting of members of the Duma who have been dissociated with the people's freedom party.  The membership with the Duma made them credible and respected, allowing them to form a strong group. This happened on August 12, 1906 in St. Petersburg. This was important because they were trying to fight for equal rights for all nationalities.  Through the fight for equality the group hoped to create a more peaceful place.  The common practice at this time was not equality for all so this was a bold move.  The Tsar proclaimed reforms on October 30, 1906 that were accomplished and helpful for this regeneration group. The entire group is based off of a constitutional monarchy and they favor the partial compulsory expropriation of land. The regeneration group hoped to improve relations with others. They expected this to help prevent terrorist attacks such as violent robberies at Government spirit stores that took place daily in all parts of Russia.  This group was formed to decrease these cases and promote overall equality. The main hope of this regeneration group was to keep their citizens safe and maintain prosperity throughout the land.  



![image name](https://github.com/dig-eg-gaz/dig-eg-gaz.github.io/blob/master/images/blog-images/image-name.png?raw=true)

Commit message:

updated blog with a picture
https://goo.gl/images/jsGAFz

1906-08-13-smith-quin-St.Petersburg.md, after:

---
layout: page
subheadline: Quin Smith
title: Safety in St.Petersburg
teaser: Formation of a pacific
            regeneration group
date: 2017-04-12
categories:
  - curiosities
author: QuinSmith
tags:
  St.Petersburg;liberals; constitutional monarchies
header: no
image:
  title: blog-images/image-name.png
https://goo.gl/images/jsGAFz
  thumb: Picture of St. Petersburg(currently)
  homepage:
https://goo.gl/images/jsGAFz
  caption: St. Petersburg's current state.
  caption_url:
https://goo.gl/images/jsGAFz

---
#Safety in St. Petersburg
The Moderate Liberals issued a manifesto announcing the formation of a pacific regeneration group consisting of members of the Duma who have been dissociated with the people's freedom party.  The membership with the Duma made them credible and respected, allowing them to form a strong group. This happened on August 12, 1906 in St. Petersburg. This was important because they were trying to fight for equal rights for all nationalities.  Through the fight for equality the group hoped to create a more peaceful place.  The common practice at this time was not equality for all so this was a bold move.  The Tsar proclaimed reforms on October 30, 1906 that were accomplished and helpful for this regeneration group. The entire group is based off of a constitutional monarchy and they favor the partial compulsory expropriation of land. The regeneration group hoped to improve relations with others. They expected this to help prevent terrorist attacks such as violent robberies at Government spirit stores that took place daily in all parts of Russia.  This group was formed to decrease these cases and promote overall equality. The main hope of this regeneration group was to keep their citizens safe and maintain prosperity throughout the land. This article is significant because it shows a possible solution that people tried out in the past. This gives more insight into culture of people from this time. This article was printed in the paper on 1906-08-13.



![image name](https://github.com/dig-eg-gaz/dig-eg-gaz.github.io/blob/master/images/blog-images/image-name.png?raw=true)
