2016-10-04-Egyptology.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: "Egyptology"
teaser: "A curiosity"
date: 2016-10-04
author: Gwen Lofman
tags: -egyptology -archeology -ramses -excavation
image:
  header: ""
  thumb: "https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/7/7d/Colossus_of_Ramesses_II_restored.jpg"
---
[Egyptology](https://www.britannica.com/science/Egyptology) has caputured pop-culture imagination owing to movies like _The Mummy_, and exhibits like King Tut.  Films often emphasize the mysticism, magic, or exoticism of Egyptian artefacts and Tombs.  The Egyptian Gazette, however, provides a closer perspective, both in time and location.

While the excavation and discovery of these tombs has historical significance on a global scale, the local perspective brings the actual characters that advanced the discovery of these relics to light.  The [newspaper](https://github.com/Lionex/dig-eg-gaz/blob/7dbde112756552ed412ee7145eb84208ffe34fd4/ocr/1905-10-06-p3.txt#L88) serves as a medium for criticism and discourse, which time and distance have buried.

This liveliness caught me off guard, and reminds me that the study of history always lives and breaths, not confined to memory or buried between the covers of a textbook.

![Ramses II](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/7/7d/Colossus_of_Ramesses_II_restored.jpg)

The newspaper discusses a work by Dr. Petrie, _[A History of Egypt during the XVIIth and XVIIIth Dynasties](https://archive.org/details/cu31924085360844)_, offering a condensed review of the material, and harsh criticism of Dr. Petrie's commentary on the work of other archaeologists.

This commentary reveals some valuable context behind the study of history, as well as the history itself, and brings to life the real characters behind the study of Egyptology that we often romanticize in pop culture.

Commit message:

Draft 2 of blog post "Egyptology and Archeology"
Adds direct quotations from the newspaper.

2016-10-04-Egyptology.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: "Egyptology"
teaser: "A curiosity"
date: 2016-10-04
author: Gwen Lofman
tags: -egyptology -archeology -ramses -excavation
image:
  header: ""
  thumb: "https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/7/7d/Colossus_of_Ramesses_II_restored.jpg"
---
[Egyptology](https://www.britannica.com/science/Egyptology) has caputured pop-culture imagination owing to movies like _The Mummy_, and exhibits like King Tut.  Films often emphasize the mysticism, magic, or exoticism of Egyptian artefacts and Tombs.  The Egyptian Gazette, however, provides a closer perspective, both in time and location.

While the excavation and discovery of these tombs has historical significance on a global scale, the local perspective brings the actual characters that advanced the discovery of these relics to light.  The [newspaper](https://github.com/Lionex/dig-eg-gaz/blob/7dbde112756552ed412ee7145eb84208ffe34fd4/ocr/1905-10-06-p3.txt#L88) serves as a medium for criticism and discourse, which time and distance have buried.  The newspaper even brags about the abundance of archeological remains in region.

This liveliness caught me off guard, and reminds me that the study of history always lives and breaths, not confined to memory or buried between the covers of a textbook.

No, for the people of Alexandria, the archeological wealth around them caputures the public eye and excitement enough for the Egyptian Gazette to publish a story about archeology in two seperate issues, in addition to a review.

![Ramses II](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/7/7d/Colossus_of_Ramesses_II_restored.jpg)

The newspaper discusses a work by Dr. Petrie, _[A History of Egypt during the XVIIth and XVIIIth Dynasties](https://archive.org/details/cu31924085360844)_. From the newspaper, 6th Oct 2016:

> The complaint that has been brought against it by foreign critics, to the effect that it is not so much a history as a catalogue of monuments, is here more justified than ever, a period of more than a thousand years - neither the least eventful nor the worst documented in Egypts history-being jammed into a small volume of 400 pages. The delay in its appearance is, we are told in the text, almost entirely due to the groat quantity of monuments remaining to us from the reign of Rameses II., which apparently made it necessary for Prof. Petrie to go carefully through the list and to throw out such as he considered either appropriations of the works of earlier kings, or for some other reason unworthy of note.

The work was delayed specifically because there was _so_ much history, and so many monuments to examine and study!
