Baxter_BLog_Post.md, before:

Mrs. Ida Caldwell, a seemingly sweet old lady has been suffering with “catarrh of the respiratory organs on and off for the last three years”. She had to use her greatest care not to “expose herself to chilly air or dampness as it increased her troubles.” She was advised to change her climate but she couldn’t leave her family so she had to stay put. Then she was introduced to Peruns which relieved her of her pain in three days, and she was completely cured in two months. What a miracle! This post seemed like a serious article about a well-known woman who seemed to be in a lot of pain due to her "catarrh of her lungs." However, when I kept reading, I noticed that it was just a gimmicky ad for a sketchy medicine that claimed to "cure symptoms of the common cold." The ad seemed really convincing, and I almost believed that this woman had her illness cured because of this medicine. On the downside, I did notice that this ad sounded a lot like the ones I hear today, which seems quite interesting, that advertisements haven’t changed that much since 1906. This was a very interesting, well put together ad, and I do believe that a lot of people would have jumped at the chance to buy this medicine upon reading this article.
![image](Ida_Caldwell_Baxter.png)

Commit message:

Inserted the header
the first post I noticed wasn't in MD so I changed it, but I realized I didn't transfer over the header and info, so I fixed it

Baxter_BLog_Post.md, after:

layout: page
subheadline: "Rosalyn Baxter"
title: "Miraculous Medicine"
teaser: "A woman who used a medicine as a last resort ended up being cured of her 3 year long illness! Mrs. Ida Caldwell swears by this cure, would you try it?"
date: 2017-03-06
categories:
  - curiosities
author: RosalynBaxter
tags:
  - Medicine
  - Catarrh
  - Cures
header: Pe-ru-na
image:
  title: Ida_Caldwell_Baxter.png
  thumb: blog-images/image-name.png
  homepage: blog-images/image-name.png
  caption: Picture of the Advertisement
Mrs. Ida Caldwell, a seemingly sweet old lady has been suffering with “catarrh of the respiratory organs on and off for the last three years”. She had to use her greatest care not to “expose herself to chilly air or dampness as it increased her troubles.” She was advised to change her climate but she couldn’t leave her family so she had to stay put. Then she was introduced to Peruna which relieved her of her pain in three days, and she was completely cured in two months. What a miracle! This post seemed like a serious article about a well-known woman who seemed to be in a lot of pain due to her "catarrh of her lungs." However, when I kept reading, I noticed that it was just a gimmicky ad for a sketchy medicine that claimed to "cure symptoms of the common cold." The ad seemed really convincing, and I almost believed that this woman had her illness cured because of this medicine. On the downside, I did notice that this ad sounded a lot like the ones I hear today, which seems quite interesting, that advertisements haven’t changed that much since 1906. This was a very interesting, well put together ad, and I do believe that a lot of people would have jumped at the chance to buy this medicine upon reading this article.
![image](Ida_Caldwell_Baxter.png)
